Plans for 11-12-2024

1. I want to thik on how to make file input work and build a tree

1.1 To do that I need to pass the file directly to sequence alignment function
 in case of FASTA input
1.2 In case of Excel file format inpput I need to pass the data directly to dissimilarity_matrix() function
 as it assumes user's manual alignment
------------

2. After that I need to think about how to make calculations perform in a separate thread.

2.1 To do that I need to build the file accepting part first

I basically did nothin of the above. Good luck tomorow! 


Plans for 12-12-2-24

3.1 I have realized that I actually need to send a responce to Flask backend that contains file.
 It is challenging to do because of that <a> tag which serves as a button. I need to figure out how to pass
the file using JavaScript other than regular request responce via POST.


Plans for 17-12-2024

4.1 I made it accept the file and send it to backend. The problem is that now sequence input doesn't work as intended
 It  doesn't redirect to dedicated page, it rather askes for file input as if it still FASTA or Excel input. So JS code
doesn't change the button functionality in accordance with data input option. FIX THAT.

4.2 If 4.1 fixed, then handle the file input tree building functionality. Make it work and call it a day.


Plans for 21-12-2024

5. I need to pass excel file to backend. How do I do that?

5.1. I need to check if the file .xls or .fasta. I will do in in Flask function submit_file(). I will check
what  extention does the file have and create an if-elif statments. If .fasta, no change. Elif .xls I will reformat
the file by triggering a new method that I will create withing calcularor class.

5.2. I need to create a function that reconfigures the file in calculator_upgma file. This function will reqonfigure
the file and save it as self.align_file atribute. Then this atribute is used inside dissimilaryty_matrix()
function to perform futher calculations.

Plans for 23-12-2024

6. Basic functionality is complete. Things that are still needed to adress: 
--Make it calcualte things in a sepatrate thread! NOT SURE
--Consider adding user authentification. DISCARDED
--Make the thing responcive.
--Consider making the pic text of a different colour. DONE 
--Consider adding more things to show_result.html page. DISCARDED

6.1 Perform general overview and plan some future changes.


Plans for 26-12-2024

7. Fix that f* buggggg. Revert to 6. Make some changes, if you have time.
DONE

Plans for 27-12-2024

8. The website looks horable. Reconsider frontend.

8.1 Change some elements's colors, introduce one more color. 
8.2 Change arrows in carusel. Make carusel move automaticaly.


9. Redeployment.
9.1 Make new Docker image. Change mode from developer to profduction.

